When setting up an Arcgis Pro
project, the first thing you
want to do is set up a folder
for your materials. That's going
to be easy to access and find.
You should do this even if you
don't have your materials yet,
as it's going to give you a
place to store them. For this
tutorial though, you should have
hopefully have downloaded this
folder that contains all the
materials that you're going to
need for this course. If you
don't have this folder
downloaded then just exit this
video, scroll back up the lesson
and you should find the button
that you need to download this
folder.
So hopefully you've got it
downloaded and it's in your
downloads here. If it's not in
Downloads, then just find where
it is and navigate to it.
And what we're going to do now
is create our folder to put the
materials that are within this
compressed folder into.
So I'm going to go onto my
OneDrive
and my Documents and then I'm
going to create a new folder. So
I'm going to right click,
go down to new
click folder
and name it Intro
Arc GIS Pro
and then I'm going to go into
this folder.
So now we can drag across
the folder that we downloaded
into our new folder
and we're going to unzip it to
be able to access all the
materials that are inside it. So
we're going to right click
and we're going to go and
extract all
and then when you have this pop
up come up you can just delete
the part that has the name of
the folder.
Otherwise, this just creates
another folder that you don't
need
and click extract.
OK, so we've got our extracted
folder here and if we go into it
we can see all of our materials
here
and then we just go back out.
What we can do now is delete the
other folder,
the compressed one.
And what's really important is
to rename your folders so that
they're really clear and you
know what's in them. So this
isn't very clear at the moment.
So let's rename this
and name it Materials.
So now if we go back into our
documents, we can see we can
click on Intro to Arcgis Pro and
then we have our materials here
that all the materials that
we're going to need for this
course.